examples/rapids/mlflow_project/README.md, before:

### Train and Publish Locally With RAPIDS and MLflow
**[RAPIDS](https://rapids.ai/)** is a suite of open source libraries for GPU-accelerated analytics. 

**[RAPIDS cuML](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml)** matches the scikit-learn API, so it can build on MLflow's existing support for scikit-learn-like models to support
persistence and deployment."

#### Jupyter Notebook Workflow
[Jupyter Notebook](notebooks/rapids_mlflow.ipynb)

#### CLI Based Workflow
1. Download data
    1. `cd examples/rapids/mlflow_project`
        ```shell script
        # Download the file
        wget -N https://rapidsai-cloud-ml-sample-data.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/airline_small.parquet
        ```
1. Set MLflow tracking uri
    1. ```shell script
        export MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI=sqlite:////tmp/mlflow-db.sqlite
       ```
1. Train the model using a single run.
    1. ```shell script
       # Launch the job
       mlflow run . -e simple\
                --experiment-name RAPIDS-CLI \
                -P max_depth=10 -P max_features=0.75 -P n_estimators=500 \
                -P fpath=airline_small.parquet
       ```
1. Train the model with Hyperopt
    1. ```shell script
       # Launch the job
       mlflow run . -e hyperopt \
                --experiment-name RAPIDS-CLI \
                -P conda-env=$PWD/envs/conda.yaml \
                -P fpath=airline_small.parquet
       ```
    1. In the output, note: "Created version '[VERSION]' of model 'rapids_mlflow'"

1. Deploy your model
    1. Deploy your model
        1. `$ mlflow models serve --no-conda -m models:/rapids_mlflow_cli/[VERSION] -p 55755`

1. Query the deployed model with test data `src/sample_server_query.sh` example script.
    1. `bash src/sample_server_query.sh`

Commit message:

Mention prereqs for running examples in README
Signed-off-by: Devin Robison <drobison@nvidia.com>

examples/rapids/mlflow_project/README.md, after:

### Train and Publish Locally With RAPIDS and MLflow
**[RAPIDS](https://rapids.ai/)** is a suite of open source libraries for GPU-accelerated analytics.

**[RAPIDS cuML](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml)** matches the scikit-learn API, so it can build on MLflow's existing support for scikit-learn-like models to support
persistence and deployment."

The example workflows below train RAPIDs regression models to predict airline flight delays, using
MLflow to log models and deploy them as local REST API endpoints for real-time inference. You can run them on a
GPU-enabled instance for free in Colab 
[Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1rY7Ln6rEE1pOlfSHCYOVaqt8OvDO35J0#forceEdit=true&offline=true&sandboxMode=true),
or on your own machine with an NVIDIA GPU and CUDA installed. See the [RAPIDS getting-started guide](https://rapids.ai/start.html)
for more details on necessary prerequisites for running the examples on your own machine.


#### Jupyter Notebook Workflow
[Jupyter Notebook](notebooks/rapids_mlflow.ipynb)

#### CLI Based Workflow
1. Download data
    1. `cd examples/rapids/mlflow_project`
        ```shell script
        # Download the file
        wget -N https://rapidsai-cloud-ml-sample-data.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/airline_small.parquet
        ```
1. Set MLflow tracking uri
    1. ```shell script
        export MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI=sqlite:////tmp/mlflow-db.sqlite
       ```
1. Train the model using a single run.
    1. ```shell script
       # Launch the job
       mlflow run . -e simple\
                --experiment-name RAPIDS-CLI \
                -P max_depth=10 -P max_features=0.75 -P n_estimators=500 \
                -P fpath=airline_small.parquet
       ```
1. Train the model with Hyperopt
    1. ```shell script
       # Launch the job
       mlflow run . -e hyperopt \
                --experiment-name RAPIDS-CLI \
                -P conda-env=$PWD/envs/conda.yaml \
                -P fpath=airline_small.parquet
       ```
    1. In the output, note: "Created version '[VERSION]' of model 'rapids_mlflow'"

1. Deploy your model
    1. Deploy your model
        1. `$ mlflow models serve --no-conda -m models:/rapids_mlflow_cli/[VERSION] -p 55755`

1. Query the deployed model with test data `src/sample_server_query.sh` example script.
    1. `bash src/sample_server_query.sh`
