docs/source/quickstart.rst, before:

.. _quickstart:

Quickstart
==========

Installing MLflow
-----------------

You install MLflow by running:

.. code-section::
  
    .. code-block:: python

        pip install mlflow

    .. code-block:: R

        install.packages("mlflow")
        mlflow::install_mlflow()

.. note::

    MLflow works on MacOS. If you run into issues with the default system Python on MacOS, try
    installing Python 3 through the `Homebrew <https://brew.sh/>`_ package manager using
    ``brew install python``. (In this case, installing MLflow is now ``pip3 install mlflow``).

At this point we recommend you follow the :doc:`tutorial<tutorials-and-examples/tutorial>` for a walk-through on how you
can leverage MLflow in your daily workflow.


Downloading the Quickstart
--------------------------
Download the quickstart code by cloning MLflow via ``git clone https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow``,
and cd into the ``examples`` subdirectory of the repository. We'll use this working directory for
running the ``quickstart``.

We avoid running directly from our clone of MLflow as doing so would cause the tutorial to
use MLflow from source, rather than your PyPi installation of MLflow.


Using the Tracking API
----------------------

The :doc:`MLflow Tracking API<tracking/>` lets you log metrics and artifacts (files) from your data
science code and see a history of your runs. You can try it out by writing a simple Python script
as follows (this example is also included in ``quickstart/mlflow_tracking.py``):

.. code-section::

    .. code-block:: python

        import os
        from random import random, randint
        from mlflow import log_metric, log_param, log_artifacts

        if __name__ == "__main__":
            # Log a parameter (key-value pair)
            log_param("param1", randint(0, 100))

            # Log a metric; metrics can be updated throughout the run
            log_metric("foo", random())
            log_metric("foo", random() + 1)
            log_metric("foo", random() + 2)

            # Log an artifact (output file)
            if not os.path.exists("outputs"):
                os.makedirs("outputs")
            with open("outputs/test.txt", "w") as f:
                f.write("hello world!")
            log_artifacts("outputs")
            
    .. code-block:: R

        library(mlflow)

        # Log a parameter (key-value pair)
        mlflow_log_param("param1", 5)

        # Log a metric; metrics can be updated throughout the run
        mlflow_log_metric("foo", 1)
        mlflow_log_metric("foo", 2)
        mlflow_log_metric("foo", 3)

        # Log an artifact (output file)
        writeLines("Hello world!", "output.txt")
        mlflow_log_artifact("output.txt")

Viewing the Tracking UI
-----------------------

By default, wherever you run your program, the tracking API writes data into files into a local
``./mlruns`` directory. You can then run MLflow's Tracking UI:

.. code-section::
  
    .. code-block:: python

        mlflow ui
        
    .. code-block:: R

        mlflow_ui()

and view it at http://localhost:5000.

.. note::
    If you see message ``[CRITICAL] WORKER TIMEOUT`` in the MLflow UI or error logs, try using ``http://localhost:5000`` instead of ``http://127.0.0.1:5000``.


Running MLflow Projects
-----------------------

MLflow allows you to package code and its dependencies as a *project* that can be run in a
reproducible fashion on other data. Each project includes its code and a ``MLproject`` file that
defines its dependencies (for example, Python environment) as well as what commands can be run into the
project and what arguments they take.

You can easily run existing projects with the ``mlflow run`` command, which runs a project from
either a local directory or a GitHub URI:

.. code-block:: bash

    mlflow run sklearn_elasticnet_wine -P alpha=0.5

    mlflow run https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow-example.git -P alpha=5.0

There's a sample project in ``tutorial``, including a ``MLproject`` file that
specifies its dependencies. if you haven't configured a :ref:`tracking server <tracking_server>`,
projects log their Tracking API data in the local ``mlruns`` directory so you can see these 
runs using ``mlflow ui``.

.. note::
    By default ``mlflow run`` installs all dependencies using `conda <https://conda.io/>`_.
    To run a project without using ``conda``, you can provide the ``--no-conda`` option to
    ``mlflow run``. In this case, you must ensure that the necessary dependencies are already installed
    in your Python environment.

For more information, see :doc:`projects`.

Saving and Serving Models
-------------------------

MLflow includes a generic ``MLmodel`` format for saving *models* from a variety of tools in diverse
*flavors*. For example, many models can be served as Python functions, so an ``MLmodel`` file can
declare how each model should be interpreted as a Python function in order to let various tools
serve it. MLflow also includes tools for running such models locally and exporting them to Docker
containers or commercial serving platforms.

To illustrate this functionality, the ``mlflow.sklearn`` package can log scikit-learn models as
MLflow artifacts and then load them again for serving. There is an example training application in
``sklearn_logistic_regression/train.py`` that you can run as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    python sklearn_logistic_regression/train.py

When you run the example, it outputs an MLflow run ID for that experiment. If you look at
``mlflow ui``, you will also see that the run saved a ``model`` folder containing an ``MLmodel``
description file and a pickled scikit-learn model. You can pass the run ID and the path of the model
within the artifacts directory (here "model") to various tools. For example, MLflow includes a
simple REST server for python-based models:

.. code-block:: bash

    mlflow models serve -m runs:/<RUN_ID>/model

.. note::

    By default the server runs on port 5000. If that port is already in use, use the `--port` option to
    specify a different port. For example: ``mlflow models serve -m runs:/<RUN_ID>/model --port 1234``

Once you have started the server, you can pass it some sample data and see the
predictions.

The following example uses ``curl`` to send a JSON-serialized pandas DataFrame with the ``split``
orientation to the model server. For more information about the input data formats accepted by
the pyfunc model server, see the :ref:`MLflow deployment tools documentation <local_model_deployment>`.

.. code-block:: bash

    curl -d '{"columns":["x"], "data":[[1], [-1]]}' -H 'Content-Type: application/json; format=pandas-split' -X POST localhost:5000/invocations

which returns::

    [1, 0]

For more information, see :doc:`models`.


.. _quickstart_logging_to_remote_server:

Logging to a Remote Tracking Server
-----------------------------------
In the examples above, MLflow logs data to the local filesystem of the machine it's running on.
To manage results centrally or share them across a team, you can configure MLflow to log to a remote
tracking server. To get access to a remote tracking server:

Launch a Tracking Server on a Remote Machine
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
:ref:`Launch a tracking server <tracking_server>` on a remote machine.

You can then :ref:`log to the remote tracking server <logging_to_a_tracking_server>` by
setting the ``MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI`` environment variable to your server's URI, or
by adding the following to the start of your program:

  .. code-section::

    .. code-block:: python

        import mlflow
        mlflow.set_tracking_uri("http://YOUR-SERVER:4040")
        mlflow.set_experiment("my-experiment")

    .. code-block:: R

        library(mlflow)
        install_mlflow()
        mlflow_set_tracking_uri("http://YOUR-SERVER:4040")
        mlflow_set_experiment("/my-experiment")


Log to Databricks Community Edition
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Alternatively, sign up for `Databricks Community Edition <https://databricks.com/try-databricks>`_,
a free service that includes a hosted tracking server. Note that
Community Edition is intended for quick experimentation rather than production use cases.
After signing up, run ``databricks configure`` to create a credentials file for MLflow, specifying
https://community.cloud.databricks.com as the host.

To log to the Community Edition server, set the ``MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI`` environment variable
to "databricks", or add the following to the start of your program:

  .. code-section::

    .. code-block:: python

        import mlflow
        mlflow.set_tracking_uri("databricks")
        # Note: on Databricks, the experiment name passed to set_experiment must be a valid path
        # in the workspace, like '/Users/<your-username>/my-experiment'. See
        # https://docs.databricks.com/user-guide/workspace.html for more info.
        mlflow.set_experiment("/my-experiment")

    .. code-block:: R

        library(mlflow)
        install_mlflow()
        mlflow_set_tracking_uri("databricks")
        # Note: on Databricks, the experiment name passed to mlflow_set_experiment must be a
        # valid path in the workspace, like '/Users/<your-username>/my-experiment'.  See
        # https://docs.databricks.com/user-guide/workspace.html for more info.
        mlflow_set_experiment("/my-experiment")

Commit message:

mention additional librairies
Signed-off-by: Olivier Bondu <OlivierBondu@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/source/quickstart.rst, after:

.. _quickstart:

Quickstart
==========

Installing MLflow
-----------------

You install MLflow by running:

.. code-section::
  
    .. code-block:: python

        pip install mlflow

    .. code-block:: R

        install.packages("mlflow")
        mlflow::install_mlflow()

.. note::

    MLflow works on MacOS. If you run into issues with the default system Python on MacOS, try
    installing Python 3 through the `Homebrew <https://brew.sh/>`_ package manager using
    ``brew install python``. (In this case, installing MLflow is now ``pip3 install mlflow``).

In order to use some of MLflow features (ML librairies, storage options, ...) you may need to install extra librairies.
Please refer to this `requirements.txt <https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/blob/master/travis/large-requirements.txt>`_ to find out
the complete list of optional dependencies.
At this point we recommend you follow the :doc:`tutorial<tutorials-and-examples/tutorial>` for a walk-through on how you
can leverage MLflow in your daily workflow.


Downloading the Quickstart
--------------------------
Download the quickstart code by cloning MLflow via ``git clone https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow``,
and cd into the ``examples`` subdirectory of the repository. We'll use this working directory for
running the ``quickstart``.

We avoid running directly from our clone of MLflow as doing so would cause the tutorial to
use MLflow from source, rather than your PyPi installation of MLflow.


Using the Tracking API
----------------------

The :doc:`MLflow Tracking API<tracking/>` lets you log metrics and artifacts (files) from your data
science code and see a history of your runs. You can try it out by writing a simple Python script
as follows (this example is also included in ``quickstart/mlflow_tracking.py``):

.. code-section::

    .. code-block:: python

        import os
        from random import random, randint
        from mlflow import log_metric, log_param, log_artifacts

        if __name__ == "__main__":
            # Log a parameter (key-value pair)
            log_param("param1", randint(0, 100))

            # Log a metric; metrics can be updated throughout the run
            log_metric("foo", random())
            log_metric("foo", random() + 1)
            log_metric("foo", random() + 2)

            # Log an artifact (output file)
            if not os.path.exists("outputs"):
                os.makedirs("outputs")
            with open("outputs/test.txt", "w") as f:
                f.write("hello world!")
            log_artifacts("outputs")
            
    .. code-block:: R

        library(mlflow)

        # Log a parameter (key-value pair)
        mlflow_log_param("param1", 5)

        # Log a metric; metrics can be updated throughout the run
        mlflow_log_metric("foo", 1)
        mlflow_log_metric("foo", 2)
        mlflow_log_metric("foo", 3)

        # Log an artifact (output file)
        writeLines("Hello world!", "output.txt")
        mlflow_log_artifact("output.txt")

Viewing the Tracking UI
-----------------------

By default, wherever you run your program, the tracking API writes data into files into a local
``./mlruns`` directory. You can then run MLflow's Tracking UI:

.. code-section::
  
    .. code-block:: python

        mlflow ui
        
    .. code-block:: R

        mlflow_ui()

and view it at http://localhost:5000.

.. note::
    If you see message ``[CRITICAL] WORKER TIMEOUT`` in the MLflow UI or error logs, try using ``http://localhost:5000`` instead of ``http://127.0.0.1:5000``.


Running MLflow Projects
-----------------------

MLflow allows you to package code and its dependencies as a *project* that can be run in a
reproducible fashion on other data. Each project includes its code and a ``MLproject`` file that
defines its dependencies (for example, Python environment) as well as what commands can be run into the
project and what arguments they take.

You can easily run existing projects with the ``mlflow run`` command, which runs a project from
either a local directory or a GitHub URI:

.. code-block:: bash

    mlflow run sklearn_elasticnet_wine -P alpha=0.5

    mlflow run https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow-example.git -P alpha=5.0

There's a sample project in ``tutorial``, including a ``MLproject`` file that
specifies its dependencies. if you haven't configured a :ref:`tracking server <tracking_server>`,
projects log their Tracking API data in the local ``mlruns`` directory so you can see these 
runs using ``mlflow ui``.

.. note::
    By default ``mlflow run`` installs all dependencies using `conda <https://conda.io/>`_.
    To run a project without using ``conda``, you can provide the ``--no-conda`` option to
    ``mlflow run``. In this case, you must ensure that the necessary dependencies are already installed
    in your Python environment.

For more information, see :doc:`projects`.

Saving and Serving Models
-------------------------

MLflow includes a generic ``MLmodel`` format for saving *models* from a variety of tools in diverse
*flavors*. For example, many models can be served as Python functions, so an ``MLmodel`` file can
declare how each model should be interpreted as a Python function in order to let various tools
serve it. MLflow also includes tools for running such models locally and exporting them to Docker
containers or commercial serving platforms.

To illustrate this functionality, the ``mlflow.sklearn`` package can log scikit-learn models as
MLflow artifacts and then load them again for serving. There is an example training application in
``sklearn_logistic_regression/train.py`` that you can run as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    python sklearn_logistic_regression/train.py

When you run the example, it outputs an MLflow run ID for that experiment. If you look at
``mlflow ui``, you will also see that the run saved a ``model`` folder containing an ``MLmodel``
description file and a pickled scikit-learn model. You can pass the run ID and the path of the model
within the artifacts directory (here "model") to various tools. For example, MLflow includes a
simple REST server for python-based models:

.. code-block:: bash

    mlflow models serve -m runs:/<RUN_ID>/model

.. note::

    By default the server runs on port 5000. If that port is already in use, use the `--port` option to
    specify a different port. For example: ``mlflow models serve -m runs:/<RUN_ID>/model --port 1234``

Once you have started the server, you can pass it some sample data and see the
predictions.

The following example uses ``curl`` to send a JSON-serialized pandas DataFrame with the ``split``
orientation to the model server. For more information about the input data formats accepted by
the pyfunc model server, see the :ref:`MLflow deployment tools documentation <local_model_deployment>`.

.. code-block:: bash

    curl -d '{"columns":["x"], "data":[[1], [-1]]}' -H 'Content-Type: application/json; format=pandas-split' -X POST localhost:5000/invocations

which returns::

    [1, 0]

For more information, see :doc:`models`.


.. _quickstart_logging_to_remote_server:

Logging to a Remote Tracking Server
-----------------------------------
In the examples above, MLflow logs data to the local filesystem of the machine it's running on.
To manage results centrally or share them across a team, you can configure MLflow to log to a remote
tracking server. To get access to a remote tracking server:

Launch a Tracking Server on a Remote Machine
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
:ref:`Launch a tracking server <tracking_server>` on a remote machine.

You can then :ref:`log to the remote tracking server <logging_to_a_tracking_server>` by
setting the ``MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI`` environment variable to your server's URI, or
by adding the following to the start of your program:

  .. code-section::

    .. code-block:: python

        import mlflow
        mlflow.set_tracking_uri("http://YOUR-SERVER:4040")
        mlflow.set_experiment("my-experiment")

    .. code-block:: R

        library(mlflow)
        install_mlflow()
        mlflow_set_tracking_uri("http://YOUR-SERVER:4040")
        mlflow_set_experiment("/my-experiment")


Log to Databricks Community Edition
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Alternatively, sign up for `Databricks Community Edition <https://databricks.com/try-databricks>`_,
a free service that includes a hosted tracking server. Note that
Community Edition is intended for quick experimentation rather than production use cases.
After signing up, run ``databricks configure`` to create a credentials file for MLflow, specifying
https://community.cloud.databricks.com as the host.

To log to the Community Edition server, set the ``MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI`` environment variable
to "databricks", or add the following to the start of your program:

  .. code-section::

    .. code-block:: python

        import mlflow
        mlflow.set_tracking_uri("databricks")
        # Note: on Databricks, the experiment name passed to set_experiment must be a valid path
        # in the workspace, like '/Users/<your-username>/my-experiment'. See
        # https://docs.databricks.com/user-guide/workspace.html for more info.
        mlflow.set_experiment("/my-experiment")

    .. code-block:: R

        library(mlflow)
        install_mlflow()
        mlflow_set_tracking_uri("databricks")
        # Note: on Databricks, the experiment name passed to mlflow_set_experiment must be a
        # valid path in the workspace, like '/Users/<your-username>/my-experiment'.  See
        # https://docs.databricks.com/user-guide/workspace.html for more info.
        mlflow_set_experiment("/my-experiment")
