examples/pytorch/MNIST/example2/README.md, before:

## MNIST example with MLFlow

In this example, we train a model to predict handwritten digits.The autolog code uses Pytorch Lightning's MLFlowLogger to log metrics. 
The code is trained using pytorch lightning loop - we add a autolog callback class in the trainer `callbacks=[__MLflowPLCallback()]` which logs the params, metrics, model summary and the model. 
This example logs metrics only after n epoch iterations. The iteration limit can be set in the trainer module using `log_every_n_iter=NUMBER-OF-ITERATIONS`.
To log the data after n steps `aggregation_step=NUMBER-OF-STEPS` can be added into the trainer module as given in the example - `mnist-example2.py`.

### Code related to MLflow:
* [`mlflow.pytorch.pytorch_autolog`]
This is an experimental api that logs ML model artifacts and metrics.
The metrics are logged during training of the model.

### Running the code
To run the example via MLflow, navigate to the `mlflow/examples/pytorch/MNIST/example2` directory and run the command

```
mlflow run .
```

This will run `mnist-example2.py` with the default set of parameters such as  `--max_epochs=5`. You can see the default value in the `MLproject` file.

In order to run the file with custom parameters, run the command

```
mlflow run . -P epochs=X
```

where `X` is your desired value for `epochs`.

If you have the required modules for the file and would like to skip the creation of a conda environment, add the argument `--no-conda`.

```
mlflow run . --no-conda
```

Once the code is finished executing, you can view the run's metrics, parameters, and details by running the command

```
mlflow ui
```

and navigating to [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).

For more information on MLflow tracking, click [here](https://www.mlflow.org/docs/latest/tracking.html#mlflow-tracking) to view documentation.

Commit message:

Using try_mlflow_log for logging metrics

examples/pytorch/MNIST/example2/README.md, after:

## MNIST example with MLFlow

In this example, we train a model to predict handwritten digits.The autolog code uses Pytorch Lightning's MLFlowLogger to log metrics. 
The code is trained using pytorch lightning loop and the autolog function call in the main - `autolog()`
is responsible for logging the params, metrics, model summary and the model.
This example logs metrics only after n epoch iterations. The iteration limit can be set in the autolog method using the parameter `log_every_n_iter=NUMBER-OF-ITERATIONS`.
For ex: `autolog(log_every_n_iter=5)`

### Code related to MLflow:
* [`mlflow.pytorch.pytorch_autolog`]
This is an experimental api that logs ML model artifacts and metrics.
The metrics are logged during training of the model.

### Running the code
To run the example via MLflow, navigate to the `mlflow/examples/pytorch/MNIST/example2` directory and run the command

```
mlflow run .
```

This will run `mnist-example2.py` with the default set of parameters such as  `--max_epochs=5`. You can see the default value in the `MLproject` file.

In order to run the file with custom parameters, run the command

```
mlflow run . -P epochs=X
```

where `X` is your desired value for `epochs`.

If you have the required modules for the file and would like to skip the creation of a conda environment, add the argument `--no-conda`.

```
mlflow run . --no-conda
```

Once the code is finished executing, you can view the run's metrics, parameters, and details by running the command

```
mlflow ui
```

and navigating to [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).

For more information on MLflow tracking, click [here](https://www.mlflow.org/docs/latest/tracking.html#mlflow-tracking) to view documentation.
